announce Cleanup Crew ICE-breaker group (#504)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2020-01-27-Cleanup-Crew-ICE-breakers.md

---

Following Niko Matsakis' announcement of the [**LLVM ICE-breaker
group**](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2019/10/22/LLVM-ICE-breakers.html),
I'm pleased to announce the **Cleanup Crew ICE-breaker group**. It
follows the same principle, if you know Rust and would like to
contribute to rustc -- but without knowing about the compiler or taking
on a large commitment -- then the Cleanup Crew ICE-breaker group might
well be for you!

### What is the Cleanup Crew ICE-breaker group?

The "Cleanup Crew" are focused on improving bug reports. Specifically,
the goal is to try to ensure that every bug report has all the
information that will be needed for someone to fix it:

    - a minimal, standalone example that shows the problem
    - links to duplicates or related bugs
    - if the bug is a regression (something that used to work, but no
      longer does), then a bisection to the PR or nightly that caused
      the regression

This kind of cleanup is invaluable in getting bugs fixed.

### Who should join?

It can be done by anybody who knows Rust, without any particularly deep
knowledge of the compiler.  If you want to be part of it and be notified

> about things to do, just [open a PR]! When we come across a suitable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about things to do, just add yourself to the list ([instructions here])! When we come across a suitable
```

I think the "open a PR" thing reads a bit confusing to me now, maybe this instead? (Have to update the link below too)

bug, we'll write a message that `@`-mentions every Github user on that
team. If you have some time, maybe you can provide some useful
information.

> [open a PR]: https://rust-lang.github.io/rustc-guide/ice-breaker/about.html#join

Author: I've just followed the same idea of the LLVM ICE Breaker announcement but maybe isn't it better to just point to the PR?

It can be done by anybody who knows Rust, without any particularly deep
knowledge of the compiler.  If you want to be part of it and be notified

> about things to do, just add yourself to the list ([instructions here])! When we come across a suitable

Reviewer 2: Generally "click here" or similar is bad content on the web as it doesn't describe what is behind the text. Putting the link around the action you want users to perform is more descriptive. 
```suggestion
about things to do, just [add yourself to the list][instructions here]! When we come across a suitable
```
